All right.
It's time for a quick little three question quiz based off of the numbers and operators we just saw.
First I'm going to give you three short problems.
You don't have to type any code just mentally evaluate these.
I recommend you don't try and type the code.
Think them through.
Figure out the answers.
Here's the first one.
I'll show it for a second or two.
You can pause.
Here's the next one.
What does this evaluate to.
If you were to run it in the console and here's a third one.
What does this evaluate to so pause if you need it.
And here are the answers.
The first one is relatively straightforward math one point five times two.
It's going to happen first because of the order of operations.
So that gives us three.
And we add that to one point five which gives us four point five next.
Slightly more complex some operations that aren't standard middle school.
So we've got modulo and exponent chief Asian exponent.
Not sure what the correct term is 10 mod 6 will happen first.
That is the remainder operator.
So how many times is six go into 10.
It goes in once.
So 10 minus six gives us a remainder of four.
So the remainder is four in those prints.
And then Star Star 2 is going to raise it to the second power a.k.a. square it four times four is 16.
So that one gives us 16.
As you can see here there we go.
And this third one slightly different.
Just the simple addition with a division.
But the trick here or the key is that 0 divided by zero is going to give us not a number.
We just talked about that not a number plus another number is still not a number.
So the overall answer is n i n or not a number.
Two hundred plus zero divided by zero not a number.
That's it.